
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::Paginate - Posy plugin to paginate multiple entries.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.10'' of Posy::Plugin::Paginate.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin enables categories or chronological listsing with multiple
entries in them, to be broken up into a number of pages, with previous and
next links. Page length is defined by the 'num_entries' configuration
setting; it will select entries depending on the 'page' parameter.

This provides the following variables that can be used within your flavour
files.

``flow_paginate_prev_link''
Contains a link to the previous page, and is empty if this link is not
valid.

``flow_paginate_next_link''
Contains a link to the next page, and is empty if this link is not valid.


==   Activation   ==

This plugin needs to be added to both the plugins list and the actions list.

In the actions list, 'filter_by_page' needs to go somewhere after
``sort_entries'' and before ``head_render'', since the entries need to have
been sorted, and the selection needs to be done before the head template is
rendered, so that links could be put in the head part of the page if
required.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``paginate_prev_label''
The label for the "prev" link. (default: '&lt;&lt;- prev')

``paginate_next_label''
The label for the "next" link. (default: 'next -&gt;&gt;')


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

Parts of this taken from the original 'paginate' blosxom plugin copyright
(c) 2003 by l.m.orchard http://www.decafbad.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

